# POSIX Threads problems

1. An integer **n** and **n** file names are given as command line arguments (first the files, then the number). Each file has a corresponding ID. Create a global array of **n** integers and 2***n** threads in the following way: the first thread reads 2 integer numbers from the standard input (keyboard) and adds the first number on position <ID of file> in the global array, until the corresponding value from the array is greater than the second number read from keyboard. The second thread waits for the signal from the first thread and prints to the standard output (console) the ID of the file and the corresponding value from the global array. The program should be compiled with gcc -Wall -g without errors or warnings. The program should be run with valgrind to check that there are no memory leaks and context errors. 

2. An integer **n** and **n** file names are given as command line arguments (first the files, then the number). Create **n** threads in the following way: each thread opens a file and counts the number of letters and digits from it, then adds them to the 2 global variables representing the total number of letters and the total number of digits from all files. Print the 2 values to the standard output (console) at the end of the program. The program should be compiled with gcc -Wall -g without errors or warnings. The program should be run with valgrind to check that there are no memory leaks and context errors. 

3. An integer **nr** (**nr**>=3) and **nr** pairs of <**file name**, **n**(integer)> are given as command line arguments (first the pairs, then the number). Create **nr**/2 threads in the following way: each thread computes the sum of the first **n** even numbers from the corresponding file and then adds the sum to a global variable, representing the sum from all files. Print the global value to the standard output (console) at the end of the program. The program should be compiled with gcc -Wall -g without errors or warnings. The program should be run with valgrind to check that there are no memory leaks and context errors. 

4. An integer **nr** and **nr** triples of <**n**(integer), **next**(integer), **previous**(integer)> are given as command line arguments (first the triples, then the number). Create **nr**/3 threads (each represented by an ID) in the following way: each thread first adds the value **n** from the corresponding triple to the global variable. Then, if the current global is even, it starts the thread with ID **next** (from the triple), otherwise it starts the thread with ID **prev**. This process ends when the global value exceeds 10000. The program should be compiled with gcc -Wall -g without errors or warnings. The program should be run with valgrind to check that there are no memory leaks and context errors. 

5. An integer **nr** and **nr** triples of <**file name**, **n**(integer), **c**(integer)> are given as command line arguments (first the triples, then the number). Create **nr**/3 threads in the following way: each thread checks if the **n**-th character in the corresponding file is **c** and prints to the standard output (console) a corresponding message. The program should be compiled with gcc -Wall -g without errors or warnings. The program should be run with valgrind to check that there are no memory leaks and context errors. 
